REAL INGREDIENTS TASTE BETTER
When we put the words burgers, shakes and fries on the outside of our building it’s a commitment – not only to you, but to ourselves to always strive to serve the absolute best.  How do we do it?  We start with the highest quality ingredients, including fresh never frozen 100% beef, thick-cut Applewood smoked bacon, real Wisconsin cheddar cheese, cage free chicken and premium ice cream and then hand craft them into goodness. We put so much love and passion into our craft, we are willing to put our signature on every plate that leaves our kitchen.
To serve the absolute best burgers, shakes, and fries around the world in a classic all-American experience
We take pride in the quality of our food, only serving freshest and best ingredients 
Hand-crafted burgers made with 100% fresh-never frozen Certified Angus Beef®
Thick-cut Applewood Smoked Bacon
Real Wisconsin Cheddar Cheese
Cage-free Chicken
Hand-spun Shakes Made with Premium Ice Cream
Each year, Johnny Rockets serves 17 million Hamburgers, 11.3 million soda pops, 8.3 million Shakes and Malts, 8 million pounds of Fries, 2.1 million orders of Onion Rings and 815,000 gallons of ice cream.
The one that started it all! Crisp shredded lettuce, fresh tomato, chopped onion, relish, crinkle-cut pickles, mustard and mayonnaise.  
Thick-cut Applewood smoked bacon, crispy sourdough onion rings, Wisconsin Cheddar cheese and our special recipe Smoke House BBQ Ranch.  
Spicy jalapeños, Pepper Jack cheese, crisp leaf lettuce, fresh tomato and our Smokin’ Chipotle Ranch.  
Thick-cut Applewood smoked bacon, Wisconsin Cheddar cheese, crisp leaf lettuce, fresh tomato, sliced onion and Special Sauce.  
Certified Angus Beef® patty covered with Swiss cheese, grilled mushrooms, caramelized onions, and mayonnaise on a brioche bun.  
Our signature burger includes Wisconsin Cheddar cheese, crisp leaf lettuce, fresh tomato, sliced onion and Special Sauce.  
Served with fresh tomato and crisp leaf lettuce on a whole wheat bun.  
Certified Angus Beef® Patty, Provolone cheese, Applewood smoked bacon, caramelized onions, grilled mushrooms, A.1. Steak Sauce, lettuce, tomato and mayonnaise. 
Crispy, skin-on French-fried potatoes.  
Crispy, skin-on French-fried potatoes topped with creamy real-cheddar cheese sauce and shredded Wisconsin cheddar cheese.  
Crispy, skin-on French-fried potatoes topped with our exclusive savory home-style all-beef recipe and creamy real cheddar cheese sauce.  
Crispy, skin-on French-fried potatoes topped with creamy real-cheddar cheese sauce, shredded Wisconsin cheddar and crispy bacon.  
Gourmet sliced onions rolled in crunchy Sourdough breadcrumbs and fried to perfection.  
Deep fried, grated potato tots. Crispy on the outside, soft on the inside.  
Deep fried, grated potato tots loaded with creamy real-cheddar cheese sauce and shredded Wisconsin Cheddar Cheese.  
Deep fried, grated potato tots loaded with our exclusive savory home style all-beef recipe and creamy real-cheddar cheese sauce.  
Deep fried, grated potato tots loaded with creamy real-cheddar cheese sauce, shredded Wisconsin cheddar cheese, crispy bacon and fresh scallions.   
If roast beef alone wasn't enough beef for you, you can now try our Wizz Burger, with House Cheese Wizz, Caramelized Onions, Chef Sauce, Lettuce and Tomato.
Our sandwiches are served with USDA Choice Top Rounds slow-roasted daily, sprinkled with seasoning and topped with au jus.


Homemade Cheese Wizz, Round Sauce,

Fried Pickles, Provel Cheese, BBQ Sauce.

Our only chopped roast beef sandwich.

Atomic Horseradish, Caraway and Sea Salt Bun

Provel Cheese, Horseradish Cream, Roasted Mushrooms, Sesame Bun

Black Pepper, Blue Cheese, Caramelized Onions, Sesame Bun

Lettuce, Tomato, Avocado and Ranch, Sesame Bun

Topped with Seasoning Shake and Au Jus
GRILLED CHEESE
Provelone Cheese melted on a Butter-Toasted Bun

Lettuce, Tomato, Avocado and Ranch, Sesame Bun

On a Poppy Seed Bun
HAND-BREADED
 

We serve all-natural chicken, brined in buttermilk and pickle juice, and fried crispy.


Pickles and Mayo

Lettuce, Tomato, Avocado and Ranch, Sesame Bun

Lettuce, Tomato, Blue Cheese, Buffalo Sauce, Sesame Bun

 

Hand-cut in our kitchen from fresh Idaho
Potatoes and fried in 100% beef fat



Curly Fries  with Homemade Cheese Wizz
Cheese Fries with Homemade Cheese Wizz


with Beef Drippings and Ends


with Gravy, Provel Cheese, Caramelized
Onions and Round Sauce


Shredded Kale and Cabbage, Dried Cranberries, Candied Pecans, Honey Mustard Poppyseed Dressing 
Greens, Apples, Candied Pecans, Blue Cheese with choice of Ranch, or Honey Mustard dressing

Add Grilled Chicken Breast

 


All breakfast sandwiches and breakfast burrito may be ordered individually or as a combo. Breakfast combos include freshly brewed coffee and tater tots. 

Sausage, Egg, Cheese Wizz, Tater Tots, Tortilla


Roast Beef, Egg, Provel Cheese, Toasted Bagel


Applewood Smoked Bacon, Egg,
Provel Cheese, Toasted Bagel


Sausage, Egg, Provel Cheese, Toasted English Muffin
Applewood Smoked Bacon, Egg, Provel Cheese,
Toasted English Muffin


Greek Yogurt, Banana, Candied Pecans, Granola


Crispy Potato Tots Fried Golden w/ Top Round Seasoning


Our Tots Covered in Cheese Wizz and Seasoning


Caramel, Praline Pecans and Brownie Pieces


Praline Pecans and Butterscotch

Bananas, Salted Peanuts and Hot Fudge

Strawberries and Cream
Strawberries, Marshmallow and Whipped Cream


Cherries, Marshmallow, Salted Peanuts and Hot Fudge


Bananas, Nilla Wafers, Fudge and Whipped Cream

Reese's Pieces, Pretzels, Chocolate Syrup


Blueberries, Streusel, Whipped Cream

Graham cracker, Chocolate, Marshmallow


Oreos, Marshmallow, Whipped Cream
 
A last-minute addition of baking soda to the batter makes these classic waffles especially airy and crisp.

In this recipe the bananas are mashed and then put into the batter to distribute their flavor.

The famous biscuits from the Island Creek Oyster Bar in Boston are sweet, buttery, flaky, and pillowy soft.


Combines hollandaise, spinach, and a homemade sausage patty that cleverly encases a runny egg yolk on a toasted English muffin, for an out-of-this-world breakfast sandwich

Boiling the potatoes for ahead of time and letting them cool completely, preferably in the refrigerator overnight, results in crispier, browner homefries.

Creamy-soft scrambled eggs require slow cooking over low heat. Drier ones call for a hot skillet, less stirring, and quicker cooking. The version explained here employs the slow-and-low approach, with butter, chives, and heavy cream added just before the eggs are done.

Fluffy inside and golden outside, these pan-fried potatoes are a signature dish.

Sweet, braided challah, traditionally eaten on Sabbath and holidays in Jewish households, is perfect for the dinner table—and leftovers make great french toast.

The croque monsieur, the classic French ham and cheese sandwich covered in cheesy bechamel, becomes a madame when a fried egg is placed on top.

Red potatoes are mashed with corned beef and a multitude of flavorings then fried until crispy in this Southern favorite. Topped with poached eggs, Hollandaise sauce, and a sprinkling of chives, corned beef hash is an easy crowd pleaser.

Roasting the potatoes for this hash separately gives them a crisp texture without the addition of extra fat.

For many kids, it's a relief to discover there's no actual egg in a chocolate egg cream--just a frothy mix of cold milk, seltzer, and rich chocolate syrup.

One of the pillars of the Southern breakfast table, buttery biscuits smothered in a sausage-studded white gravy makes a hearty meal any time of day. A hint of cayenne brightens the gravy's richness, but it's even better with a dash or two of hot sauce.

This simple potato and cheese omelette is perfect for brunch, and also—accompanied with a glass of wine and a green salad—makes a satisfying, affordable dinner.

Chopped prime rib and a fried egg turn crisp potato hash into a crowd-pleasing main dish.


A scoop of vanilla ice cream and a hefty slice of pie go into the blender together, and out comes the ultimate dessert: A creamy shake with buttery crumbles of pie crust and ribbons of gorgeous fruit filling throughout.

Crispy-bottomed fried eggs make an ideal breakfast.

Steel-cut oats bulk up this hearty sausage loaf, an Ohio breakfast staple usually served with eggs and toast.

Roasting cherry tomatoes in an oven brings out their natural sweetness; salty salami is a perfect counterpoint.

Inexpensive cube steaks, tenderized by the butcher, work best for this heartland breakfast staple.

Pulled pork stands in for the burnt ends of barbecued brisket in this robust Kansas City-style bean chili.

Buttermilk-dipped and cornmeal-crusted onion rings are fried extra-crispy.

A cloud of meringue is piled sky-high over lemon-curd filling in this recipe.

This chili of beef and red kidney beans is flavored with dark chile powder and curry powder.

This burger is topped with a tangy cream and vermouth sauce. Adding egg yolks to freshly ground meat makes for a supremely rich burger.

Double frying is the secret to outstanding fries.

Six bacon strips, lettuce, tomato and mayo on toasted sourdough bread. Served with wavy-cut French fries.

Two buttermilk pancakes, two sunny side up eggs and two bacon strips or two sausage links.

Six bacon strips, lettuce, tomato and mayo on toasted sourdough bread. Served with wavy-cut French fries.

Two buttermilk pancakes are a tasty addition to any meal.

Open-faced biscuit topped with sausage gravy, plus two sunny-side up eggs and hash browns.

EGGS SERVED OVER-EASY, POACHED, SUNNY-SIDE-UP OR SOFT-BOILED MAY BE UNDERCOOKED AND WILL ONLY BE SERVED UPON THE CONSUMERS’ REQUEST. NOTICE: CONSUMING RAW OR UNDERCOOKED MEATS, POULTRY, SEAFOOD, SHELLFISH OR EGGS MAY INCREASE YOUR RISK OF FOODBORNE ILLNESS, ESPECIALLY IF YOU HAVE CERTAIN MEDICAL CONDITIONS.

Menu items marked as GLUTEN FREE meet the FDA specified definition of less than 20 parts per million for a gluten free claim. Please note that our restaurants are not set up as a strictly gluten free environment.

Some items featured may contain sodium salt content that is higher than the total daily recommended limit 2,300 mg. High sodium intake can increase blood pressure and risk of heart disease and stroke. Cal = Calories 2,000 calories a day is used for general nutrition advice, but calorie needs vary. Sodium content will vary based on specific side choices.

Or make it easy. Select Item as Shown to add crumbled sausage, bacon, fire-roasted bell peppers and onions, mushrooms, diced tomatoes and shredded Cheddar cheese. Served with hash browns and choice of bread. Gluten Free when you choose the Gluten Free English Muffin.

Three-egg omelette with diced ham, fire-roasted bell peppers and onions, jalapeños and melted American cheese. Served with hash browns and choice of bread. Gluten Free when you choose the Gluten Free English Muffin.

Three-egg omelette with crumbled sausage, bacon, fire-roasted bell peppers and onions, mushrooms, diced tomatoes and shredded Cheddar cheese. Served with hash browns and choice of bread. Gluten Free when you choose the Gluten Free English Muffin.

Three-egg omelette with fresh spinach, mushrooms, sautéed zucchini and squash, diced tomatoes and melted Swiss cheese. Served with hash browns and choice of bread. Gluten Free when you choose the Gluten Free English Muffin.

Three-egg omelette with diced ham, melted Swiss and American cheeses. Served with hash browns and choice of bread. Gluten Free when you choose the Gluten Free English Muffin.

Three egg omelette with grilled and sliced prime rib, fire-roasted bell peppers and onions, sautéed mushrooms and melted Swiss cheese. Served with hash browns and choice of bread. Gluten Free when you choose the Gluten Free English Muffin.

Our classic ham and scrambled egg sandwich with Swiss and American cheeses on grilled sourdough. Served with hash browns.

Two scrambled eggs, crumbled sausage, bacon, shaved ham and American cheese on potato bread grilled with a maple spice spread. Served with hash browns.

A golden-fried chopped beef steak smothered in rich country gravy. Served with two sunny side up eggs, hash browns and two slices of white toast.

A tender 13 oz. seasoned T-Bone steak served with two scrambled eggs, hash browns and two slices of white toast.

Crumbled chorizo sausage, fire-roasted bell peppers and onions, mushrooms and seasoned red-skinned potatoes. Topped with Cheddar cheese and two sunny side up eggs.

Grilled sausage, fresh spinach, fire-roasted bell peppers and onions, mushrooms, grape tomatoes and seasoned red-skinned potatoes. Topped with Cheddar cheese and two sunny side up eggs.
Seasoned red-skinned potatoes, fire-roasted bell peppers and onions, mushrooms and broccoli. Topped with two egg whites scrambled with fresh spinach and grape tomatoes. Served with a side of salsa.

Six Mozzarella Cheese Sticks, five garlic bread slices and three seasoned meatballs covered in rich tomato sauce and sprinkled with shredded Italian cheeses.

Ten of our house-made Bacon Cheddar Tots topped with Cheddar cheese, Pepper Jack queso, seasoned nacho meat, bacon, jalapeños and sour cream.

Delicious bite-sized pumpkin spice pancakes tossed in cinnamon sugar and served with a side of warm pumpkin cream cheese icing.

Tortilla chips cooked fresh to order. Topped with Pepper Jack queso, shredded Cheddar cheese, seasoned nacho meat, freshly made pico de gallo and sour cream.

Pick three and make it your own. Served with your choice of dipping sauces.

Spicy, golden-brown breaded chicken strips tossed in your choice of Sweet and Tangy BBQ or Buffalo sauce. Served with celery sticks and your choice of dipping sauce.

Golden-fried with a side of dipping sauce.

Our soups are kettle-cooked to be rich and hearty. Available from 11 am to 10 pm on Monday and Tuesday.

Our soups are kettle-cooked to be rich and hearty. Available from 11 am to 10 pm on Wednesday and Thursday.

Slow-cooked pot roast, sautéed mushrooms and caramelized onions covered in rich gravy. Served with your choice of two sides and garlic bread.

A thick slice of classic seasoned meatloaf topped with rich tomato sauce. Served with your choice of two sides and garlic bread.

Two grilled chicken breasts seasoned with Greek herbs and spices, topped with tomato bruschetta and feta cheese. Served with your choice of two sides and garlic bread.

Four spicy, golden-brown breaded chicken strips served with a dipping sauce, your choice of two sides and garlic bread.

Three seasoned meatballs atop a bed of pasta covered in a rich tomato sauce. Served with a side of shredded Italian cheeses and garlic toast.

Crumbled chorizo sausage, fire-roasted bell peppers and onions, mushrooms, jalapeños and seasoned red-skinned potatoes. Topped with grilled seasoned chicken breast, shredded Cheddar cheese, a spicy five pepper sauce and Pepper Jack queso.

Two grilled seasoned chicken breasts covered with a delicious sweet bourbon glaze, topped with fire-roasted bell peppers and onions and mushrooms, all atop broccoli and seasoned red-skinned potatoes.

American cheese, caramelized onions and All-American Sauce on a brioche bun.

Cheddar cheese, bacon, jalapeños and creamy Sriracha sauce. Served with lettuce, tomato, red onions and pickles on a brioche bun. Served with choice of side.

It comes with lettuce, tomato, red onions and pickles on a brioche bun – now follow the steps below and make it your own. Served with choice of side.

Your choice of American, Swiss or Cheddar cheese tops two hand-pressed 100% beef patties. Served with lettuce, tomato, red onions and pickles on a brioche bun. Served with choice of side.

Crispy bacon, fresh avocado and melted Cheddar cheese. Served with mayo, lettuce, tomato, red onions and pickles on a brioche bun. Served with choice of side.

A hand-pressed 100% beef patty topped with Cheddar cheese, bacon, sautéed mushrooms and fire-roasted bell peppers and onions. Served on a Cheddar bun with lettuce, tomato, red onions, pickles and a sweet bourbon sauce. Served with choice of side.

Crispy hash browns, a sunny side up egg and two bacon strips top a hand-pressed 100% beef patty covered with Pepper Jack queso on a brioche bun. Served with choice of side.

Two eggs fried into the center of grilled Cheddar bun halves. Served with two bacon strips and crispy hash browns cooked with diced bacon and Cheddar cheese.

Grilled seasoned chicken breast, red-skinned potatoes, bacon and broccoli topped with Pepper Jack queso, Cheddar cheese and sour cream.

Two golden-brown breaded chicken strips atop an open-faced biscuit smothered in country gravy and topped with Cheddar cheese. Served with two sunny-side up eggs and hash browns or choice of bread, plus coffee and juice.

Two warm flour tortillas filled with grilled seasoned chicken breast or golden-brown breaded chicken strips, either tossed in your choice of Buffalo or Sweet and Tangy BBQ sauce or topped with Sriracha mayo, plus lettuce and Cheddar cheese. Served with wavy-cut French fries and your choice of dipping sauce.

Country-Fried Steak, rich country gravy and two sunny-side up eggs atop red-skinned potatoes, fire-roasted bell peppers and onions and Cheddar cheese.

One thick slice of our fabulous French toast sprinkled with powdered sugar.

A thick slice of our fabulous French toast sprinkled with powdered sugar, two sunny-side up eggs, two bacon strips or two sausage links. Served with hash browns or choice of bread, plus coffee and juice.

Two buttermilk pancakes, two sunny side up eggs, two bacon strips and two sausage links. Served with hash browns.

Two bacon strips, ham, American cheese and an egg on a toasted English muffin. Served with hash browns cooked with diced bacon and Cheddar cheese.

Two buttermilk pancakes, two sunny side up eggs and two bacon strips or two sausage links.

Four golden-fried Mozzarella Cheese Sticks and American cheese on grilled sourdough, plus a side of tomato sauce.

Six bacon strips, lettuce, tomato and mayo on toasted sourdough bread. Served with wavy-cut French fries.

Vanilla ice cream milk shake blended with OREO® Cookie Pieces.

Choose from Strawberry, Chocolate, or Vanilla.

One scoop of Strawberry, Chocolate or Vanilla

Pick a scoop of your favorite ice cream, pick a topping and finish with your choice of OREO® Cookie Pieces or whipped cream.

Kraft® Macaroni and Cheese. Served with choice of side.

Four chicken nuggets with choice of honey mustard or BBQ dipping sauce. Served with choice of side.

Hand-pressed junior 100% beef patty topped with American cheese. Served with choice of side.

Spaghetti covered in tomato sauce and served with bread. Served with choice of side.

Grilled seasoned chicken breast with choice of dipping sauce. Served with choice of side.

One slice of wheat French toast topped with fresh banana slices. Served with two sausage links and one egg.

Three new fluffy buttermilk silver dollar pancakes filled with chocolate chips and served with one bacon strip and one sausage link.

Pick any 3 items and make it your own.

Made with premium vanilla ice cream blended with cake batter and confetti sprinkles. Topped with whipped cream and more confetti sprinkles.

Three buttermilk silver dollar pancakes topped with strawberry sauce, fresh strawberries and whipped cream. Sprinkle the magic candy and make 'em go pop! Served with one bacon strip, one sausage link and one egg.

A grilled wild-caught Alaska salmon fillet seasoned with a delicious blend of garlic and herbs. Served with red-skinned mashed potatoes and broccoli.

A USDA select, 8 oz seasoned sirloin steak cooked to perfection. Served with red-skinned mashed potatoes and steamed zucchini and squash.

Seasoned red-skinned potatoes, fire-roasted bell peppers and onions, mushrooms and broccoli. Topped with two egg whites scrambled with fresh spinach and grape tomatoes. Served with a side of salsa.

A seasoned white fish fillet grilled and topped with freshly made pico de gallo and fresh avocado. 

Egg white omelette with fresh spinach, mushrooms, sautéed zucchini and squash, diced tomatoes and melted Swiss cheese. Served with seasonal fruit and an English Muffin. Gluten Free when you choose the Gluten Free English Muffin.

Egg whites scrambled together with fresh spinach and grape tomatoes, plus two turkey bacon strips, an English muffin and seasonal fruit.

Slow-cooked pot roast, sautéed mushrooms and caramelized onions covered in rich gravy. Served with red-skinned mashed potatoes and broccoli.

Pick any FOUR items and make it your own. 

Or make it easy. Select Item as Shown and get two buttermilk pancakes, two sunny-side-up eggs, two bacon strips and two sausage links. 

Two buttermilk pancakes, a slice of grilled ham, two bacon strips, two sausage links and two sunny side up eggs, plus hash browns and two slices of white toast.

Three scrambled eggs with Cheddar cheese, two bacon strips and two sausage links, plus hash browns and two slices of white toast.

A golden waffle served with two sunny side up eggs, two bacon strips and two sausage links.

Egg whites scrambled together with fresh spinach and grape tomatoes, plus two turkey bacon strips, an English muffin and seasonal fruit.

Two thick slices of our fabulous French toast with two sunny side up eggs, two bacon strips and two sausage links.

Two buttermilk pancakes, two sunny side up eggs, two bacon strips and two sausage links. Served with hash browns or choice of bread, plus coffee and juice.

Onward unswerving and relentless, and tittering hilariously to watch the chuckling and hysterics into which the siren song of night and the spheres had turned, that eldritch scaly monster bore its helpless rider; hurtling and shooting, cleaving the uttermost rim and spanning the outermost abysses

Trident-bearing Neptune was there, and sportive tritons and fantastic nereids, and upon dolphins’ backs was balanced a vast crenulate shell wherein rode the grey and awful form of primal Nodens, Lord of the Great Abyss. And the conches of the tritons gave weird blasts, and the nereids made strange sounds by striking on the grotesque resonant shells of unknown lurkers in black sea-caves

Opiate oceans poured there, litten by suns that the eye may never behold and having in their whirlpools strange dolphins and sea-nymphs of unrememberable deeps.

But I had to shut my eyes again when I realised how many of the things were assembling—and when I glimpsed a certain object walking solemnly and steadily without any body above the waist.

What seemed to be sheer fantasy was the superstitious lore--that Wizard Potter had 'called something down from the sky, and it lived with him or in him until he died';--that a late traveller, found in a dying state along the main road, had gasped out something about 'that thing with the feelers-slimy, rubbery thing with the suckers on its feelers' that came out of the wood and attacked him-and a good deal more of the same kind of lore.

And the conches of the tritons gave weird blasts, and the nereids made strange sounds by striking on the grotesque resonant shells of unknown lurkers in black sea-caves

Once in a while he paused to watch a carnivorous fish catch a fishing bird, which it lured to the water by shewing its tempting scales in the sun, and grasped by the beak with its enormous mouth as the winged hunter sought to dart down upon it.

She affirm'd, and her good neighbours likewise, that it had been borne to her, and took oath that she did not know by what manner it had come upon her, for it was neither Beast nor Man but like to a monstrous Bat with human face. It made no sound but look'd at all and sundry with baleful eyes. There were those who swore that it bore a frightful resemblance to the Face of one long dead, one Richard Bellingham or Bollinhan who is affirm'd to have vanished utterly after consort with Daemons in the country of New Dunnich. The horrible Beast-Man was examined by the Court of Azzizes and the which then burnt by Order of the High-Sherif on the 5th of June in the year 1788.

I would not look at the marching things. That I desperately resolved as I heard their creaking joints and nitrous wheezing above the dead music and the dead tramping. It was merciful that they did not speak... but God! their crazy torches began to cast shadows on the surface of those stupendous columns. Heaven take it away! Hippopotami should not have human hands and carry torches... men should not have the heads of crocodiles... 

It was perhaps that which certain secret cults of earth have whispered of as YOG-SOTHOTH, and which has been a deity under other names; that which the crustaceans of Yuggoth worship as the Beyond-One, and which the vaporous brains of the spiral nebulae know by an untranslatable Sign—yet in a flash the Carter-facet realized how slight and fractional all these conceptions are.

From the brook a shape arose 
Half a man and half a goat. 
Hoofs it had instead of toes 
And a beard adorn'd its throat 

On a seat of rustic reeds 
Sweetly play'd this hybrid man 
Naught car'd I for earthly needs, 
For I knew that this was Pan

But now another bard insisten call; 
Blest Hellas' train, each from his pedestal;
See Venus and Minerva spiteful vie 
To have the new arrival settled nigh

The frightful Griffins so legends tell Amid the far Rhipaean mountains dwell.

Then suddenly I saw it. With only a slight churning to mark its rise to the surface, the thing slid into view above the dark waters. Vast, Polyphemus-like, and loathsome, it darted like a stupendous monster of nightmares to the monolith, about which it flung its gigantic scaly arms, the while it bowed its hideous head and gave vent to certain measured sounds. 
I think I went mad then.

While graceful Sylphs, admiring, lend
Their praises as thy feet descend.

Once I sought out a celebrated ethnologist, and amused him with peculiar questions regarding the ancient Philistine legend of Dagon, the Fish-God; but soon perceiving that he was hopelessly conventional, I did not press my inquiries.

Methought the stunted trees with hungry arms 
Grop'd greedily for things I dar not name; 
The while a stifling, wraith-like noisomeness 
Fill'd all the dale, and spoke a larger life.

There thought I lie scenes of pleasure
Where the free and blessed dwell,
And Each moment bears a treasure
Freighted with a lotus-spell,
And there floats a liquid measure
From the lute of Israfel.

They's prints in the rud, Mis' Corey - great raound prints as big as barrel-heads, all sunk dawon deep like a elephant had ben along, only they's a sight more nor four feet could make!Bigger’n a barn...all made o’ squirmin’ ropes...hull thing sort o’ shaped like a hen’s egg bigger’n anything, with dozens o’ legs like hogsheads that haff shut up when they step...nothin’ solid abaout it—all like jelly, an’ made o’ sep’rit wrigglin’ ropes pushed clost together...great bulgin’ eyes all over it...ten or twenty maouths or trunks a-stickin’ aout all along the sides, big as stovepipes, an’ all a-tossin’ an’ openin’ an’ shuttin’...all grey, with kinder blue or purple rings... an’ Gawd in heaven—that haff face on top!...

Oh, oh, my Gawd, that haff face - that haff face on top of it... that face with the red eyes an' crinkly albino hair, an' no chin, like the Whateleys... It was a octopus, centipede, spider kind o' thing, but they was a haff-shaped man's face on top of it, an' it looked like Wizard Whateley's, only it was yards an' yards acrost....

There flapped rhythmically a horde of tame, trained, hybrid winged things ... not altogether crows, nor moles, nor buzzards, nor ants, nor decomposed human beings, but something I cannot and must not recall.

And God! The shapes of nightmare that float around in that perpetual daemon twilight! The blasphemies that lurk and leer and hold a Witches’ Sabbat with that woman as a high-priestess! The black shaggy entities that are not quite goats—the crocodile-headed beast with three legs and a dorsal row of tentacles—and the flat-nosed aegipans dancing in a pattern that Egypt’s priests knew and called accursed.

It had ye Name Ossadogowah, which signifi'd ye childe of Sadogowah, ye which is held to be a Frightfull Spirit spoke of by antients as come down from ye Stars and being formelry worshipt in Lands to ye North.

Dewart stared in fascination; he could discern eyes or pits of eyes, and what must certainly be a mouth of a kind, together with a vast dome-like forehead-but there the semblance to anything human ceased, and the nebulous outline trailed off in a hideous representation of what seemed to be tentacles.

As I turned away and rose to make my way to the kitchen, my eyes involuntarily sought the leaded window, and I received a profound and frightening shock, for the last red sunlight lay upon the stained glass in such a way as to outline in that place an unutterably hideous caricature of an inhuman face of some great, grotesque being whose features were horribly distorted, eyes-if such there were-sunken into pits, without anything resembling a nose, though there seemed to be nostrils; a bald and gleaming head, the entire lower half of which terminated in a mass of writhing tentacles;

The second type of mark was claw-like, of the dimensions of approximately three feet across and the suggestion of being webbed; and the third was a sinister brushed patch on the snow, framing the claw-marks, as if great wings had flapped there-but what manner of wings was not apparent.

You and I have drifted to the worlds that reel about the red Arcturus, and dwelt in the bodies of the insect-philosophers that crawl proudly over the fourth moon of Jupiter.

Here cosmic sin had entered, and festered by unhallowed rites had commenced the grinning march of death that was to rot us all to fungous abnormalities too hideous for the grave’s holding. Satan here held his Babylonish court, and in the blood of stainless childhood the leprous limbs of phosphorescent Lilith were laved. Incubi and succubae howled praise to Hecate, and headless moon-calves bleated to the Magna Mater.
They were pinkish things about five feet long; with crustaceous bodies bearing vast pairs of dorsal fins or membranous wings and several sets of articulated limbs, and with a sort of convoluted ellipsoid, covered with multitudes of very short antennae, where a head would ordinarily be.
'Wza-y’ei! Wza-y’ei! howled the madman. Y’kaa haa bho—ii, Rhan-Tegoth—Cthulhu fhtagn—Ei! Ei! Ei! Ei!—Rhan-Tegoth, Rhan-Tegoth, Rhan-Tegoth!'

There was an almost globular torso, with six long, sinuous limbs terminating in crab-like claws. From the upper end a subsidiary globe bulged forward bubble-like; its triangle of three staring, fishy eyes, its foot-long and evidently flexible proboscis, and a distended lateral system analogous to gills, suggesting that it was a head. Most of the body was covered with what at first appeared to be fur, but which on closer examination proved to be a dense growth of dark, slender tentacles or sucking filaments, each tipped with a mouth suggesting the head of an asp. On the head and below the proboscis the tentacles tended to be longer and thicker, and marked with spiral stripes—suggesting the traditional serpent-locks of Medusa. To say that such a thing could have an expression seems paradoxical; yet Jones felt that that triangle of bulging fish-eyes and that obliquely poised proboscis all bespoke a blend of hate, greed, and sheer cruelty incomprehensible to mankind because mixed with other emotions not of the world or this solar system.

'Rhan-Tegoth, infinite and invincible, I am your slave and high-priest. You are hungry, and I provide. I read the sign and have led you forth. I shall feed you with blood, and you shall feed me with power. Iä! Shub-Niggurath! The Goat with a Thousand Young!'
Moloch and Ashtaroth were not absent; for in this quintessence of all damnation the bounds of consciousness were let down, and man’s fancy lay open to vistas of every realm of horror and every forbidden dimension that evil had power to mould.
For the cat is cryptic, and close to strange things which men cannot see. He is the soul of antique Aegyptus, and bearer of tales from forgotten cities in Meroë and Ophir. He is the kin of the jungle’s lords, and heir to the secrets of hoary and sinister Africa. The Sphinx is his cousin, and he speaks her language; but he is more ancient than the Sphinx, and remembers that which she hath forgotten.

What was the land of these wanderers none could tell; but it was seen that they were given to strange prayers, and that they had painted on the sides of their wagons strange figures with human bodies and the heads of cats, hawks, rams, and lions. And the leader of the caravan wore a head-dress with two horns and a curious disc betwixt the horns.
Then we knew that we were done with Saracen Cairo, and that we must taste the deeper mysteries of primal Egypt—the black Khem of Re and Amen, Isis and Osiris.
They connect them in some way with their common racial legends about Buddai, the gigantic old man who lies asleep for ages underground with his head on his arm, and who will some day awake and eat up the world.
Then we knew that we were done with Saracen Cairo, and that we must taste the deeper mysteries of primal Egypt—the black Khem of Re and Amen, Isis and Osiris.
They conceived of a literal resurrection of the body which made them mummify it with desperate care, and preserve all the vital organs in canopic jars near the corpse; whilst besides the body they believed in two other elements, the soul, which after its weighing and approval by Osiris dwelt in the land of the blest, and the obscure and portentous ka or life-principle which wandered about the upper and lower worlds in a horrible way, demanding occasional access to the preserved body, consuming the food offerings brought by priests and pious relatives to the mortuary chapel, and sometimes—as men whispered—taking its body or the wooden double always buried beside it and stalking noxiously abroad on errands peculiarly repellent.
Black Tsathoggua moulded itself from a toad-like gargoyle to a long, sinuous line with hundreds of rudimentary feet, and a lean, rubbery night-gaunt spread its wings as if to advance and smother the watcher.
A strange structure rose in the middle of the rainbow-hued floor, tier on tier, each of a separate, vivid color. The ultimate tier was a purple cone, from the apex of which a blue smoky mist drifted upward to a sphere that poised in mid-air—a sphere that shone like translucent ivory.
This, the deep-grooved memories of Tothe told Campbell, was the god of Yekub, though why the people of Yekub feared and worshipped it had been forgotten a million years. A worm-priest stood between him and the altar which no hand of flesh had ever touched.
There was another Shape, too, which occupied no pedestal, but which seemed to glide or float over the cloudy, floor-like lower level. It was not exactly permanent in outline, but held transient suggestions of something remotely preceding or paralleling the human form, though half as large again as an ordinary man. It seemed to be heavily cloaked, like the Shapes on the pedestals, with some neutral-coloured fabric; and Carter could not detect any eye-holes through which it might gaze. Probably it did not need to gaze, for it seemed to belong to an order of being far outside the merely physical in organisation and faculties.

For this Shape was nothing less than that which all the world has feared since Lomar rose out of the sea and the Winged Ones came to earth to teach the Elder Lore to man. It was indeed the frightful Guide and Guardian of the Gate—’Umr at-Tawil, the ancient one, which the scribe rendereth the Prolonged of Life.

At this reply the Guide seemed to make a sign by certain motions of his robe which may or may not have involved the lifting of an arm or some homologous member.

Gradually and mistily it became apparent that the Most Ancient One was holding something—some object clutched in the outflung folds of his robe as if for the sight, or what answered for sight, of the cloaked Companions. It was a large sphere or apparent sphere of some obscurely iridescent metal, and as the Guide put it forward a low, pervasive half-impression of sound began to rise and fall in intervals which seemed to be rhythmic even though they followed no rhythm of earth.

It was an All-in-One and One-in-All of limitless being and self—not merely a thing of one Space-Time continuum, but allied to the ultimate animating essence of existence’s whole unbounded sweep—the last, utter sweep which has no confines and which outreaches fancy and mathematics alike. It was perhaps that which certain secret cults of earth have whispered of as YOG-SOTHOTH, and which has been a deity under other names; that which the crustaceans of Yuggoth worship as the Beyond-One, and which the vaporous brains of the spiral nebulae know by an untranslatable Sign—yet in a flash the Carter-facet realised how slight and fractional all these conceptions are. 
Madness rides the star-wind . . . claws and teeth sharpened on centuries of corpses . . . dripping death astride a Bacchanale of bats from night-black ruins of buried temples of Belial. . . .
The Genie that haunts the moonbeams spake to the Demon of the Valley, saying, I am old, and forget much. Tell me the deeds and aspect and name of them who built these things of Stone. And the Demon replied, I am Memory, and am wise in lore of the past, but I too am old. These beings were like the waters of the river Than, not to be understood. Their deeds I recall not, for they were but of the moment. Their aspect I recall dimly, it was like to that of the little apes in the trees. Their name I recall clearly, for it rhymed with that of the river. These beings of yesterday were called Man.
And the conches of the tritons gave weird blasts, and the nereids made strange sounds by striking on the grotesque resonant shells of unknown lurkers in black sea-caves.
It seems that Yig, the snake-god of the central plains tribes—presumably the primal source of the more southerly Quetzalcoatl or Kukulcan—was an odd, half-anthropomorphic devil of highly arbitrary and capricious nature. He was not wholly evil, and was usually quite well-disposed toward those who gave proper respect to him and his children, the serpents; but in the autumn he became abnormally ravenous, and had to be driven away by means of suitable rites.

Yig was a great god. He was bad medicine. He did not forget things. In the autumn his children were hungry and wild, and Yig was hungry and wild, too.
And God! The shapes of nightmare that float around in that perpetual daemon twilight! The blasphemies that lurk and leer and hold a Witches’ Sabbat with that woman as a high-priestess! The black shaggy entities that are not quite goats—the crocodile-headed beast with three legs and a dorsal row of tentacles—and the flat-nosed aegipans dancing in a pattern that Egypt’s priests knew and called accursed.
Later, as the earth's span closed, the transferred minds would again migrate through time and space-to another stopping-place in the bodies of the bulbous vegetable entities of Mercury. 
For they were not men at all, or even approximately men, but great greyish-white slippery things which could expand and contract at will, and whose principal shape - though it often changed - was that of a sort of toad without any eyes, but with a curious vibrating mass of short pink tentacles on the end of its blunt, vague snout.
Shuffling toward him in the darkness was the gigantic, blasphemous form of a black thing not wholly ape and not wholly insect. Its hide hung loosely upon its frame, and its rugose, dead-eyed rudiment of a head swayed drunkenly from side to side. Its fore paws were extended, with talons spread wide, and its whole body was taut with murderous malignity despite its utter lack of facial expression.

Coward—you could never face the dimensional shambler whose hide I put on to scare you—the mere sight of it alive, or even the full-fledged thought of it, would kill you instantly with fright! Iä! Iä! It waits hungry for the blood that is the life! 
It was a paw, fully two feet and a half across, and equipped with formidable talons. After it came another paw, and after that a great black-furred arm to which both of the paws were attached by short forearms. Then two pink eyes shone, and the head of the awakened gug sentry, large as a barrel, wabbled into view. The eyes jutted two inches from each side, shaded by bony protuberances overgrown with coarse hairs. But the head was chiefly terrible because of the mouth. That mouth had great yellow fangs and ran from the top to the bottom of the head, opening vertically instead of horizontally.
Satan here held his Babylonish court, and in the blood of stainless childhood the leprous limbs of phosphorescent Lilith were laved. Incubi and succubae howled praise to Hecate, and headless moon-calves bleated to the Magna Mater. Goats leaped to the sound of thin accursed flutes, and aegipans chased endlessly after misshapen fauns over rocks twisted like swollen toads. Moloch and Ashtaroth were not absent; for in this quintessence of all damnation the bounds of consciousness were let down, and man’s fancy lay open to vistas of every realm of horror and every forbidden dimension that evil had power to mould.
He had been growing shabbier and shabbier with the years, and now prowled about like a veritable mendicant; seen occasionally by humiliated friends in subway stations, or loitering on the benches around Borough Hall in conversation with groups of swarthy, evil-looking strangers. When he spoke it was to babble of unlimited powers almost within his grasp, and to repeat with knowing leers such mystical words or names as Sephiroth
Then down the wide lane betwixt the two columns a lone figure strode; a tall, slim figure with the young face of an antique Pharaoh, gay with prismatic robes and crowned with a golden pshent that glowed with inherent light.

Hei! Aa-shanta ’nygh! You are off! Send back earth’s gods to their haunts on unknown Kadath, and pray to all space that you may never meet me in my thousand other forms. Farewell, Randolph Carter, and beware; for I am Nyarlathotep, the Crawling Chaos! 
 And it was then that Nyarlathotep came out of Egypt. Who he was, none could tell, but he was of the old native blood and looked like a Pharaoh. The fellahin knelt when they saw him, yet could not say why. He said he had risen up out of the blackness of twenty-seven centuries, and that he had heard messages from places not on this planet. Into the lands of civilisation came Nyarlathotep, swarthy, slender, and sinister, always buying strange instruments of glass and metal and combining them into instruments yet stranger.
But I was not far behind, for there was no doubt after another second. It was the eldritch scurrying of those fiend-born rats, always questing for new horrors, and determined to lead me on even unto those grinning caverns of earth’s centre where Nyarlathotep, the mad faceless god, howls blindly to the piping of two amorphous idiot flute-players.
Now he was praying because the Witches’ Sabbath was drawing near. May-Eve was Walpurgis-Night, when hell’s blackest evil roamed the earth and all the slaves of Satan gathered for nameless rites and deeds.

He must meet the Black Man, and go with them all to the throne of Azathoth at the centre of ultimate Chaos. That was what she said. He must sign in his own blood the book of Azathoth and take a new secret name now that his independent delvings had gone so far. 
The evilly grinning beldame still clutched him, and beyond the table stood a figure he had never seen before—a tall, lean man of dead black colouration but without the slightest sign of lost features; wholly devoid of either hair or beard, and wearing as his only garment a shapeless robe of some heavy black fabric. His feet were indistinguishable because of the table and bench, but he must have been shod, since there was a clicking whenever he changed position.

There was the immemorial figure of the deputy or messenger of hidden and terrible powers—the Black Man of the witch-cult, and the Nyarlathotep of the Necronomicon.

Presently he realised what he was listening for—the hellish chant of the celebrants in the distant black valley. How did he know so much about what they expected? How did he know the time when Nahab and her acolyte were due to bear the brimming bowl which would follow the black cock and the black goat?
At the farther end was a high stone dais reached by five steps; and there on a golden throne sat a lumpish figure robed in yellow silk figured with red and having a yellow silken
mask over its face.To this being the wide-eyed man made certain signs with his hands, and the lurker in the dark replied by raising a disgustingly carven flute of ivory in silk-covered paws and blowing certain loathsome sounds from beneath its flowing yellow mask.

Then the figured silk slipped a trifle from one of the greyish-white paws, and Carter knew what the noisome high-priest was. And in that hideous second stark fear drove him to something his reason would never have dared to attempt, for in all his shaken consciousness there was room only for one frantic will to escape from what squatted on that golden throne.
Not a hearing—nobody knows—I alone have the secret—that’s why I and Quetzalcoatl and Huitzilopotchli will rule the world alone—I and they, if I choose to let them. . . . But I must have experimental subjects—subjects—do you know whom I’ve chosen for the first?'
Not a hearing—nobody knows—I alone have the secret—that’s why I and Quetzalcoatl and Huitzilopotchli will rule the world alone—I and they, if I choose to let them. . . . But I must have experimental subjects—subjects—do you know whom I’ve chosen for the first?'

'Thou too, Ipalnemoan, By Whom We Live! I hear, I hear! I see, I see! Serpent-bearing Eagle, hail! A message! A message!' 

Sliced cucumbers, grape tomatoes, Cheddar cheese and croutons atop a bed of iceberg mix. Served with the dressing of your choice. Shown with grilled chicken add-on.

Bacon, fresh avocado, grape tomatoes, Cheddar cheese, hard-boiled egg and potato sticks atop a bed of iceberg mix. Served with your choice of dressing. Shown with grilled chicken add-on.

Crisp bacon crumbles and shredded Italian cheeses on top of fresh romaine lettuce. Tossed with Caesar dressing. Shown with grilled chicken add-on.

A grilled seasoned chicken breast topped with melted Swiss cheese, bacon and sun-dried tomato mayo. Served with lettuce, tomato, red onions and pickles on a brioche bun. Served with choice of side. Shown with whole wheat bun.

Your choice of juicy prime rib or grilled and sliced seasoned chicken breast with sautéed mushrooms, fire-roasted bell peppers & onions, shredded Italian cheeses and Pepper Jack queso. Served on a hoagie roll grilled with garlic & herbs.

Thinly sliced turkey breast, ham, crisp bacon, Swiss cheese and fresh avocado. Served on toasted 7-grain bread with sun-dried tomato mayo, lettuce and tomato. Served with choice of side.

Thinly sliced turkey breast, crisp bacon, lettuce, tomato and mayo on toasted 7-grain bread. Served with choice of side.

Thinly sliced turkey breast with melted Swiss cheese, crisp bacon and tomato on grilled sourdough. 

Slow-cooked pot roast with melted American cheese, mushrooms and caramelized onions on grilled 7-grain bread.

A USDA choice cut, 8 oz. seasoned sirloin steak* topped with garlic peppercorn butter.  Served with your choice of two sides and dinner bread.  

A USDA select, 8 oz. seasoned sirloin steak* cooked to perfection. Served with your choice of two sides and garlic bread.

A tender 13 oz. seasoned T-Bone steak* with your choice of two sides and garlic bread. Gluten Free when you choose two Gluten Free sides and the Gluten Free English Muffin

A dinner-sized, golden-fried chopped beef steak smothered in rich country gravy. Served with your choice of two sides and garlic bread.

A grilled wild-caught Alaska salmon fillet seasoned with a delicious blend of garlic & herbs. Served with your choice of two sides and dinner bread.

A seasoned white fish fillet grilled and topped with freshly made pico de gallo and fresh avocado. Served with your choice of two sides and garlic bread.

Red-Skinned Mashed Potatoes

Choose two bacon strips or turkey bacon strips.

Sausage Links

Grilled Ham Slice
Seasonal Fruit Selection may vary.

Grits available 6 am - 2 pm only.

Vanilla yogurt.

Oatmeal available 6 am - 2 pm only.

Garden Side Salad
You can never have too much dressing or sauce. Order extra condiments here.

Pick your favorites and make it your own.

New York style cheesecake with a graham cracker crust served plain or with strawberry topping and whipped cream.

Warm apple pie crisp topped with premium vanilla ice cream and salted caramel, then sprinkled with powdered sugar.

A warm, rich chocolate cake filled with molten chocolate and topped with premium vanilla ice cream.

Enjoy a full glass of our thick, creamy, hand-dipped milk shakes made with premium ice cream. Choose from Vanilla, Chocolate, Strawberry, Cake Batter, Peanut Butter Banana, Chocolate Peanut Butter, or New! Horchata.

Thick, creamy hand-dipped milk shake made with premium vanilla ice cream blended with real pumpkin pie. Topped with whipped cream and drizzled with salted caramel.  

Hand-crafted pancakes are made to order using premium ingredients. 

Hot Chocolate and Hot Tea

Choose from 2% Milk or Chocolate Milk reduced fat. 

Choose from a variety of juices available.

Our smoothies are made with real fruit, juice and nonfat yogurt.

Our premium Minute Maid® lemonades are made with real lemons and natural flavors.

Try one of our deliciously refreshing Iced Teas.

Soft Drinks
Steeped in cool water for 12+ hours for a silky smooth flavor. Available Unsweetened or Sweetened.
Get ready to experience the amazing taste of our new Colombian blend made with 100% Arabica beans. This medium roast coffee has a smooth finish. Available in Regular or Decaf. Hazelnut & Vanilla Creamers available upon request.

A grilled seasoned white fish fillet. Served with choice of two sides and dinner bread. Gluten Free when you choose two Gluten Free sides and the Gluten Free English Muffin. Dine in only.

A grilled seasoned chicken breast. Served with choice of two sides and dinner bread.Gluten Free when you choose two Gluten Free sides and the Gluten Free English Muffin. Dine in only.

A golden-fried chopped beef steak smothered in rich country gravy. Served with choice of two sides and dinner bread. Dine in only.

Melted American cheese on grilled sourdough bread and served with a cup of soup. Soup available from 11 am to 10 pm. Other side choices available upon request. Dine in only.

Thinly sliced turkey breast, bacon, lettuce, tomato and mayo on toasted 7-grain bread. Served with wavy-cut French fries. Dine in only.

A two-egg omelette with sautéed onions, bacon, diced tomatoes and shredded Cheddar cheese. Served with choice of seasoned red-skinned potatoes, hash browns or seasonal fruit and choice of toast, biscuit or an English muffin. Gluten Free when you choose the Gluten Free English Muffin. Dine in only.

Egg white omelette with spinach, mushrooms, sautéed zucchini and squash, diced tomatoes and Swiss cheese. Served with seasonal fruit and an English muffin.Dine in only.

One egg with one bacon strip or one sausage link. Choice of seasoned red-skinned potatoes, hash browns, seasonal fruit and choice of toast, biscuit or English muffin. Gluten Free when you choose the Gluten Free English Muffin. Dine in only.

A golden waffle served with one egg*, two bacon strips or two sausage links. Dine in only.

Two scrambled eggs with Cheddar cheese. Served with two bacon strips, two sausage links and two buttermilk pancakes. Dine in only.

It occurred to me that judging from the elaborateness of this worship, the concealed deity must be one of considerable importance. Was it Osiris or Isis, Horus or Anubis, or some vast unknown God of the Dead still more central and supreme?
Lloigor, Zhar and Ithaqua shall ride the spaces among the stars and shall ennoble those who are their followers, who are the Tcho-Tcho; Cthugha shall encompass his dominion from Fomalhaut; Tzathoggua shall come from N'kai...
The madness and monstrosity lay in the figures in the foreground- for Pickman's morbid art was pre-eminently one of demoniac portraiture. These figures were seldom completely human, but often approached humanity in varying degree. Most of the bodies, while roughly bipedal, had a forward slumping, and a vaguely canine cast. The texture of the majority was a kind of unpleasant rubberiness.
All these things Carter glibbered to the assembled ghouls, and presently outlined that request which he had in mind, and which he did not think extravagant considering the services he had so lately rendered the rubbery, dog-like lopers.
When I unfastened the blackened silver clasp and opened the yellowed leaves a coloured drawing fluttered out—the likeness of a monstrous creature resembling nothing so much as a squid, beaked and tentacled, with great yellow eyes, and with certain abominable approximations to the human form in its contours.
I had never before seen so utterly loathsome and nightmarish a form. On the paws, feet, and head-tentacles were curious claws—reminding me of the colossal shadow-shapes which have groped so horribly in my path—while the entity as a whole sat upon a great throne-like pedestal inscribed with unknown hieroglyphs of vaguely Chinese cast. 

Several times it resisted every effort to open it, and when at last it gave way I had a distinct feeling that some colossal, unseen shape had suddenly released it—a shape that soared away on non-material but audibly beating wings. 
Its hair was snow-white, a thing due no doubt to the bleaching action of a long existence within the inky confines of the cave, but it was also surprisingly thin, being indeed largely absent save on the head, where it was of such length and abundance that it fell over the shoulders in considerable profusion.

From the tips of the fingers or toes long nail-like claws extended. The hands or feet were not prehensile, a fact that I ascribed to that long residence in the cave which, as I before mentioned, seemed evident from the all-pervading and almost unearthly whiteness so characteristic of the whole anatomy. No tail seemed to be present.

They were black, those eyes, deep, jetty black, in hideous contrast to the snow-white hair and flesh. Like those of other cave denizens, they were deeply sunken in their orbits, and were entirely destitute of iris. As I looked more closely, I saw that they were set in a face less prognathous than that of the average ape, and infinitely more hairy. The nose was quite distinct.

The creature I had killed, the strange beast of the unfathomed cave was, or had at one time been, a MAN!!!

Below him the ground was festering with gigantic Dholes, and even as he looked, one reared up several hundred feet and leveled a bleached, viscous end at him.

Now Carter knew from a certain source that he was in the vale of Pnath, where crawl and burrow the enormous bholes; but he did not know what to expect, because no one has ever seen a bhole, or even guessed what such a thing may be like. Bholes are known only by dim rumour from the rustling they make amongst mountains of bones and the slimy touch they have when they wriggle past one. They cannot be seen because they creep only in the dark. 
When they had thinned out enough to be glimpsed as separate organisms, I saw that they were dwarfed, deformed hairy devils or apes-monstrous and diabolic caricatures of the monkey tribe. 

The object was nauseous; a filthy whitish gorilla thing with sharp yellow fangs and matted fur. It was the ultimate product of mammalian degeneration; the frightful outcome of isolated spawning, multiplication, and cannibal nutrition above and below the ground; the embodiment of all the snarling and chaos and grinning fear that lurk behind life. It had looked at me as it died, and its eyes had the same odd quality that marked those other eyes which had stared at me underground and excited cloudy recollections. One eye was blue, the other brown.
Daemons, when desiring an human form for evil purposes, take to themselves the bodies of hanged men.
The dark walls closed me in, and loud I cursed
That ever I had come to such a den,
When suddenly a score of windows burst
Into wild light, and swarmed with dancing men:
Mad, soundless revels of the dragging dead—
And not a corpse had either hands or head!
It was a gigantic, pale-grey worm or centipede, as large around as a man and twice as long, with a disc-like, apparently eyeless, cilia-fringed head bearing a purple central orifice. It glided on its rear pairs of legs, with its fore part raised vertically—the legs, or at least two pairs of them, serving as arms. Along its spinal ridge was a curious purple comb, and a fan-shaped tail of some grey membrane ended its grotesque bulk. There was a ring of flexible red spikes around its neck, and from the twistings of these came clicking, twanging sounds in measured, deliberate rhythms.
I leaped up at once & raced madly out of that car & away across endless leagues of plateau till exhaustion waked me – doing this not because the conductor had dropped on all fours, but because the face of the motorman was a mere white cone tapering to
one blood-red tentacle.
Ancient Roman? prehistoric? stone bridge washed away by a sudden and curious? storm. Something liberated which had been sealed up in the masonry of years ago. Things happen.
Dam Bor glued each of his six eyes to the lenses of the cosmoscope. His nasal tentacles were orange with fear, and his antennae buzzed hoarsely as he dictated his report to the operator behind him.

The handsome young vegetable, with whom I shared my bowl of caterpillar custard since earliest infancy, and with whom I had been thrown out of every joint in the intra-dimensional city of Kastor-Ya, had really a worried look upon his lavender face.
He was, however, exceedingly ugly despite his appearance of brilliancy; there being something almost goatish or animalistic about his thick lips, large-pored, yellowish skin, coarse crinkly hair, and oddly elongated ears.

Above the waist it was semi-anthropomorphic; though its chest, where the dog’s rending paws still rested watchfully, had the leathery, reticulated hide of a crocodile or alligator. The back was piebald with yellow and black, and dimly suggested the squamous covering of certain snakes. Below the waist, though, it was the worst; for here all human resemblance left off and sheer phantasy began. The skin was thickly covered with coarse black fur, and from the abdomen a score of long greenish-grey tentacles with red sucking mouths protruded limply. Their arrangement was odd, and seemed to follow the symmetries of some cosmic geometry unknown to earth or the solar system. On each of the hips, deep set in a kind of pinkish, ciliated orbit, was what seemed to be a rudimentary eye; whilst in lieu of a tail there depended a kind of trunk or feeler with purple annular markings, and with many evidences of being an undeveloped mouth or throat. The limbs, save for their black fur, roughly resembled the hind legs of prehistoric earth’s giant saurians; and terminated in ridgy-veined pads that were 
neither hooves nor claws.
I seemed to be looking down from an immense height upon a twilit grotto, knee-deep with filth, where a white-bearded daemon swineherd drove about with his staff a flock of fungous, flabby beasts whose appearance filled me with unutterable loathing.
Black winged thing flies into one’s house at night. Cannot be found or identified—but subtle developments ensue.
He thought of the ancient legends of Ultimate Chaos, at whose centre sprawls the blind idiot god Azathoth, Lord of All Things, encircled by his flopping horde of mindless and amorphous dancers, and lulled by the thin monotonous piping of a daemoniac flute held in nameless paws.
He had learned much of the Other Gods in distant parts of space, especially in that region where form does not exist, and coloured gases study the innermost secrets. The violet gas S’ngac had told him terrible things of the crawling chaos Nyarlathotep, and had warned him never to approach the central void where the daemon-sultan Azathoth
gnaws hungrily in the dark.
You recall that Pickman’s forte was faces. I don’t believe anybody since Goya could put so much of sheer hell into a set of features or a twist of expression. And before Goya you have to go back to the mediaeval chaps who did the gargoyles and chimaeras on Notre Dame and Mont Saint-Michel. 
Fog or smoke—assumes shaped under incantations.
Beyond the wide, warm ocean were other cities of the Great Race, and on one far continent I saw the crude villages of the black-snouted, winged creatures who would evolve as a dominant stock after the Great Race had sent its foremost minds into the future to escape
the creeping horror. 
Man followed by invisible thing.
Life and Death
Its desolation and horror—bleak spaces—sea-bottom—dead cities. But Life—the greater horror! Vast unheard-of reptiles and leviathans—hideous beasts of prehistoric jungle—rank slimy vegetation—evil instincts of primal man—Life is more horrible than death.
What hatches from primordial egg. 
It had been old when Babylon was new;
None knows how long it slept beneath that mound,
Where in the end our questing shovels found
Its granite blocks and brought it back to view.
There were vast pavements and foundation-walls,
And crumbling slabs and statues, carved to shew
Fantastic beings of some long ago
Past anything the world of man recalls.

And then we saw those stone steps leading down
Through a choked gate of graven dolomite
To some black haven of eternal night
Where elder signs and primal secrets frown.
We cleared a path—but raced in mad retreat
When from below we heard those clumping feet.
Death—its desolation and horror—bleak spaces—sea-bottom—dead cities. But Life—the greater horror! Vast unheard-of reptiles and leviathans—hideous beasts of prehistoric jungle—rank slimy vegetation—evil instincts of primal man—Life is more horrible than death.
There was a mind from the planet we know as Venus, which would live incalculable epochs to come, and one from an outer moon of Jupiter six million years in the past. Of earthly minds there were some from the winged, star-headed, half-vegetable race of palaeogean Antarctica; one from the reptile people of fabled Valusia; three from the furry pre-human Hyperborean worshippers of Tsathoggua; one from the wholly abominable Tcho-Tchos; two from the arachnid denizens of earth’s last age; five from the hardy coleopterous species immediately following mankind, to which the Great Race was some day to transfer its keenest minds en masse in the face of horrible peril; and several from different branches of humanity.
The dreams of one man actually create a strange half-mad world of quasi-material substance in another dimension. Another man, also a dreamer, blunders into this world in a dream. What he finds. Intelligence of denizens. Their dependence on the first dreamer. What happens at his death. 
And once I saw the sea—a boundless steamy expanse beyond the colossal stone piers of an enormous town of domes and arches. Great shapeless suggestions of shadow moved over it, and here and there its surface was vexed with anomalous spoutings.
There was a mind from the planet we know as Venus, which would live incalculable epochs to come, and one from an outer moon of Jupiter six million years in the past. Of earthly minds there were some from the winged, star-headed, half-vegetable race of palaeogean Antarctica; one from the reptile people of fabled Valusia; three from the furry pre-human Hyperborean worshippers of Tsathoggua; one from the wholly abominable Tcho-Tchos; two from the arachnid denizens of earth’s last age; five from the hardy coleopterous species immediately following mankind, to which the Great Race was some day to transfer its keenest minds en masse in the face of horrible peril; and several from different branches of humanity.
It was treasured and placed in its curious box by the crinoid things of Antarctica, salvaged from their ruins by the serpent-men of Valusia, and peered at aeons later in Lemuria by the first human beings.
I can compare the sound to nothing more aptly than to the roar of some dread monster of the vanished saurian age, when primal horrors roamed the earth, and Valusia’s serpent-men laid the foundation-stones of evil magic.
Special beings with special senses from remote universes. 
Advent of an external universe to view.
There was a mind from the planet we know as Venus, which would live incalculable epochs to come, and one from an outer moon of Jupiter six million years in the past. Of earthly minds there were some from the winged, star-headed, half-vegetable race of palaeogean Antarctica; one from the reptile people of fabled Valusia; three from the furry pre-human Hyperborean worshippers of Tsathoggua; one from the wholly abominable Tcho-Tchos; two from the arachnid denizens of earth’s last age; five from the hardy coleopterous species immediately following mankind, to which the Great Race was some day to transfer its keenest minds en masse in the face of horrible peril; and several from different branches of humanity.
There was a thunderous silence, during which a faint prompting was heard from the dizzy summit of the platform. Hak Ni, the yellow-furred and valorous commander of our ranks through numerous installments, ascended to the towering peak inches above the floor.
My friends— he began, with an eloquent scraping of his posterior limbs, these treasured walls and pillars shall not mourn on my account.... At this point, one of his numerous relatives cheered. Well do I remember when...
Oll Stof interrupted him. You have anticipated my thoughts and orders. Go forth and win for dear old Inter-Cosmic.
Another race - a land race of beings shaped like octopi and probably corresponding to fabulous prehuman spawn of Cthulhu - soon began filtering down from cosmic infinity and precipitated a -monstrous war which for a time drove the Old Ones wholly back to the sea - a colossal blow in view of the increasing land settlements.
He had been growing shabbier and shabbier with the years, and now prowled about like a veritable mendicant; seen occasionally by humiliated friends in subway stations, or loitering on the benches around Borough Hall in conversation with groups of swarthy, evil-looking strangers. When he spoke it was to babble of unlimited powers almost within his grasp, and to repeat with knowing leers such mystical words or names as Sephiroth, Ashmodai, and Samaël.
 Within the Great Council Chamber, which measured twenty-eight square feet with quite a high ceiling, were gathered delegates from all the thirty-seven galaxies of our immediate universe. Oll Stof, President of the Chamber and representative of the Milliner’s Soviet, raised his eyeless snout with dignity and prepared to address the assembled multitude. He was a highly developed protozoan organism from Nov-Kas, and spoke by emitting alternate waves of heat and cold.
But now he perceived that the miraculous passage through the flaming floor was closing again, leaving him marooned on the dais with the glittering treasure he had sought. And when it had fully closed, and his eyes had circled round vainly for some way of escape, he was hardly reassured by the shapeless jelly-like shadow which loomed colossal and stinking in the great archway behind the dais. He was not permitted to faint, but was forced to observe that this shadow was infinitely more hideous than anything hinted in any popular legend, and that its seven iridescent eyes were regarding him with placid amusement.

Then Anathas the wizard-beast rolled fully out of the archway, mighty in necromantic horror, and jested with the small frightened conqueror before allowing that horde of slavering and peculiarly hungry green salamanders to complete their slow, anticipatory ascent of the dais.
Everybody applauded riotously, as a wave of excitement rippled through the variegated audience; those who were handless slithering their tentacles together.
Witnesses said it had long hair and the shape of a rat, but that its sharp-toothed, bearded face was evilly human while its paws were like tiny human hands. It took messages betwixt old Keziah and the devil, and was nursed on the witch's blood, which it sucked like a vampire.
As it is, he merely hinted at the shocking morbidity of these great floundering white things, with black fur on their backs, a rudimentary horn in the centre of their foreheads, and an unmistakable trace of human or anthropoid blood in their flat-nosed, bulging-lipped faces.

The chief ground for such a supposition was the well-known fact that the vanished inhabitants of Yoth had been quadrupedal.

O friend and companion of night, thou who rejoicest in the baying of dogs and spilt blood, who wanderest in the midst of shades among the tombs, who longest for blood and bringest terror to mortals, Gorgo, Mormo, thousand-faced moon, look favourably on our sacrifices!
The Great Race's members were immense rugose cones ten feet high, and with head and other organs attached to foot-thick, distensible limbs spreading from the apexes. They spoke by the clicking or scraping of huge paws or claws attached to the end of two of their four limbs, and walked by the expansion and contraction of a viscous layer attached to their vast, ten-foot bases.

These members were sometimes contracted almost to nothing, and sometimes extended to any distance up to about ten feet. Terminating two of them were enormous claws or nippers. At the end of a third were four red, trumpetlike appendages. The fourth terminated in an irregular yellowish globe some two feet in diameter and having three great dark eyes ranged along its central circumference. Surmounting this head were four slender grey stalks bearing flower-like appendages, whilst from its nether side dangled eight greenish antennae or tentacles. The great base of the central cone was fringed with a rubbery, grey substance which moved the whole entity through expansion and contraction.
O friend and companion of night, thou who rejoicest in the baying of dogs and spilt blood, who wanderest in the midst of shades among the tombs, who longest for blood and bringest terror to mortals, Gorgo, Mormo, thousand-faced moon, look favourably on our sacrifices!
Mictlanteuctli, Great Lord, a sign! A sign from within thy black cave! Iä! Tonatiuh-Metztli! Cthulhutl! Command, and I serve!
Satan here held his Babylonish court, and in the blood of stainless childhood the leprous limbs of phosphorescent Lilith were laved. Incubi and succubae howled praise to Hecate, and headless moon-calves bleated to the Magna Mater.
It was murder—strangulation—but one need not say that the claw-mark on Mrs. Suydam’s throat could not have come from her husband’s or any other human hand, or that upon the white wall there flickered for an instant in hateful red a legend which, later copied from memory, seems to have been nothing less than the fearsome Chaldee letters of the word LILITH'.

Somewhere dark sticky water was lapping at onyx piers, and once the shivery tinkle of raucous little bells pealed out to greet the insane titter of a naked phosphorescent thing which swam into sight, scrambled ashore, and climbed up to squat leeringly on a carved golden pedestal in the background.

Satan here held his Babylonish court, and in the blood of stainless childhood the leprous limbs of phosphorescent Lilith were laved.
The great hill hung close over the old town,
A precipice against the main street’s end;
Green, tall, and wooded, looking darkly down
Upon the steeple at the highway bend.
Two hundred years the whispers had been heard
About what happened on the man-shunned slope-
Tales of an oddly mangled deer or bird,
Or of lost boys whose kin had ceased to hope.

One day the mail-man found no village there, 
Nor were its folk or houses seen again; 
People came out from Aylesbury to stare-
Yet they all told the mail-man it was plain
That he was mad for saying he had spied 
The great hill’s gluttonous eyes, and jaws stretched wide.
But Life—the greater horror! Vast unheard-of reptiles and leviathans—hideous beasts of prehistoric jungle—rank slimy vegetation—evil instincts of primal man—Life is more horrible than death.
Sorcerer or NGAGSPA reanimates a corpse by holding it in a dark room—lying on it mouth to mouth and repeating a magic formula with all else banished from his mind. Corpse slowly comes to life and stands up. Tries to escape—leaps, bounds, and struggles—but sorcerer holds it. Continues with magic formula. Corpse sticks out tongue and sorcerer bites it off. Corpse then collapses. Tongue become a valuable magic talisman. If corpse escapes—hideous results and death to sorcerer.
Dream of awaking in vast hall of strange architecture, with sheet-covered forms on slabs—in positions similar to one’s own. Suggestions of disturbingly non-human outlines under sheets. One of the objects moves and throws off sheet—non-terrestrial being revealed. Sugg. that oneself is also such a being—mind has become transferred to body on other planet. 
A very ancient colossus in a very ancient desert. Face gone—no man hath seen it.
In an instant every moving entity was electrified; and forming at once into a ceremonial procession, the nightmare horde slithered away in quest of the sound—goat, satyr, and aegipan, incubus, succuba, and lemur, twisted toad and shapeless elemental, dog-faced howler and silent strutter in darkness—all led by the abominable naked phosphorescent thing that had squatted on the carved golden throne, and that now strode insolently bearing in its arms the glassy-eyed corpse of the corpulent old man.
The eyes were closed, with lids clamped down tightly over eyeballs apparently bulging and prominent. Bits of hair and beard remained, and the colour of the whole was a sort of dull neutral grey. In texture the thing was half leathery and half stony, forming an insoluble enigma to those experts who sought to ascertain how it was embalmed. In places bits of its substance were eaten away by time and decay.

God help us!—its hellish bulging eyes had popped wide open, and seemed to be staring directly at the two intruders who had died of fright or worse.
Shapeless living thing forming nucleus of ancient building.
A thing that sat on a sleeper’s chest. Gone in morning, but something left behind.
As I fled from that accursed castle along the bog’s edge I heard a new sound; common, yet unlike any I had heard before at Kilderry. The stagnant waters, lately quite devoid of animal life, now teemed with a horde of slimy enormous frogs which piped shrilly and incessantly in tones strangely out of keeping with their size. They glistened bloated and green in the moonbeams, and seemed to gaze up at the fount of light. I followed the gaze of one very fat and ugly frog, and saw the second of the things which drove my senses away.

The wide plain, the golden moonlight, the shadowy moving forms, and above all the shrill monotonous piping, produced an effect which almost paralysed me; yet I noted amidst my fear that half of these tireless, mechanical dancers were the labourers whom I had thought asleep, whilst the other half were strange airy beings in white, half indeterminate in nature, but suggesting pale wistful naiads from the haunted fountains of the bog.

Half gliding, half floating in the air, the white-clad bog-wraiths were slowly retreating toward the still waters and the island ruin in fantastic formations suggesting some ancient and solemn ceremonial dance. Their waving translucent arms, guided by the detestable piping of those unseen flutes, beckoned in uncanny rhythm to a throng of lurching labourers who followed dog-like with blind, brainless, floundering steps as if dragged by a clumsy but resistless daemon-will.

Then silently and gracefully the naiads reached the water and melted one by one into the ancient bog; while the line of followers, never checking their speed, splashed awkwardly after them and vanished amidst a tiny vortex of unwholesome bubbles which I could barely see in the scarlet light.
Subterranean region beneath placid New England village, inhabited by living or extinct creatures of prehistoric antiquity and strangeness.
Stopping a while to watch the fading day,
I heard faint howls, as from a room upstairs,
When through the ivied panes one sunset ray
Struck in, and caught the howler unawares.
I glimpsed—and ran in frenzy from the place,
And from a four-pawed thing with human face.
Foremost among the living objects were inky, jellyish monstrosities which flabbily quivered in harmony with the vibrations from the machine. They were present in loathsome profusion, and I saw to my horror that they overlapped; that they were semi-fluid and capable of passing through one another and through what we know as solids.
He is said by Ebn Khallikan 12th cent. biographer to have been seized by an invisible monster in broad daylight and devoured horribly before a large number of fright-frozen witnesses.
For it was only a penguin - albeit of a huge, unknown species larger than the greatest of the known king penguins, and monstrous in its combined albinism and virtual eyelessness.

Their size reminded us of some of the archaic penguins depicted in the Old Ones’ sculptures, and it did not take us long to conclude that they were descended from the same stock-undoubtedly surviving through a retreat to some warmer inner region whose perpetual blackness had destroyed their pigmentation and atrophied their eyes to mere useless slits.

Vampire visits man in ancestral abode-is his own father.

 Demophon shivered when the sun shone upon him. Lover of darkness = ignorance.
Inhabitants of Zinge, over whom the star Canopus rises every night, are always gay and without sorrow. 
The shores of Attica respond in song to the waves of the Aegean. 
Horror Story Man dreams of falling—found on floor mangled as tho’ from falling from a vast height. 
Narrator walks along unfamiliar country road,—comes to strange region of the unreal.
 The inhabitants of the ancient Astahan, on the Yann, do all things according to antient ceremony. Nothing new is found.
Here we have fetter’d and manacled Time, who wou’d otherwise slay the Gods. 
 Horror Story The sculptured hand—or other artificial hand—which strangles its creator.  Man makes appt. with old enemy. Dies—body keeps appt.
Dream of flying over city. 
Odd nocturnal ritual. Beasts dance and march to musick. 
Happenings in interval between preliminary sound and striking of clock—ending—
it was the tones of the clock striking three. 
House and garden—old—associations. Scene takes on strange aspect.
Hideous sound in the dark.
Bridge and slimy black waters. Fungi—The Canal
The walking dead—seemingly alive, but—. 
Doors found mysteriously open and shut etc.—excite terror.
Calamander-wood—a very valuable cabinet wood of Ceylon and S. India, resembling rosewood.
tale—painting of ultimate horror.
Man journeys into the past—or imaginative realm—leaving bodily shell behind.
A very ancient colossus in a very ancient desert. Face gone—no man hath seen it.

23 The man who would not sleep—dares not sleep—takes drugs to keep himself awake. Finally falls asleep—and something happens. 
 Man stumbles on dream world—returns to earth—seeks to go back—succeeds, but finds dream world ancient and decayed as though by thousands of years.

Man visits museum of antiquities—asks that it accept a bas-relief he has just made—old and learned curator laughs and says he cannot accept anything so modern. Man says that
‘dreams are older than brooding Egypt or the contemplative Sphinx or garden-girdled Babylonia’
and that he had fashioned the sculpture in his dreams. Curator bids him shew his product, and when he does so curator shews horror. Asks who the man may be. He tells modern name. No—before that says curator. Man does not remember except in dreams. Then curator offers high price, but man fears he means to destroy sculpture. Asks fabulous price—curator will consult directors.
Add good development and describe nature of bas-relief. Cthulhu
Dream of ancient castle stairs—sleeping guards—narrow window—battle on plain between men of England and men of yellow tabards with red dragons. Leader of English challenges leader of foe to single combat. They fight. Foe unhelmeted, but there is no head revealed. Whole army of foe fades into mist, and watcher finds himself to be the English knight on the plain, mounted. Looks at castle, and sees a peculiar concentration of fantastic clouds over the highest battlements.
Life and Death Death—its desolation and horror—bleak spaces—sea-bottom—dead cities. But Life—the greater horror! Vast unheard-of reptiles and leviathans—hideous beasts of prehistoric jungle—rank slimy vegetation—evil instincts of primal man—Life is more horrible than death.
The Cats of Ulthar The cat is the soul of antique Ægyptus and bearer of tales from forgotten cities of Meroë and Ophir. He is the kin of the jungle’s lords, and heir to the secrets of hoary and sinister Africa. The Sphinx is his cousin, and he speaks her language; but he is more ancient than the Sphinx, and remembers that which she hath forgotten.
Dream of Seekonk—ebbing tide—bolt from sky—exodus from Providence—fall of Congregational dome.
Strange visit to a place at night—moonlight—castle of great magnificence etc. Daylight shews either abandonment or unrecognisable ruins—perhaps of vast antiquity.
Prehistoric man preserved in Siberian ice. 
As dinosaurs were once surpassed by mammals, so will man-mammal be surpassed by insect or bird—fall of man before the new race. 
Determinism and prophecy. 
Moving away from earth more swiftly than light—past gradually unfolded—horrible revelation.
Special beings with special senses from remote universes. Advent of an external universe to view.
Disintegration of all matter to electrons and finally empty space assured, just as devolution of energy to radiant heat is known. Case of acceleration—man passes into space.
Peculiar odour of a book of childhood induces repetition of childhood fancy.
Drowning sensations—undersea—cities—ships—souls of the dead. Drowning is a horrible death.
Sounds—possibly musical—heard in the night from other worlds or realms of being.
Warning that certain ground is sacred or accursed; that a house or city must not be built upon it—or must be abandoned or destroyed if built, under penalty of catastrophe.
The Italians call Fear La figlia della Morte—the daughter of Death. 
Fear of mirrors—memory of dream in which scene is altered and climax is hideous surprise at seeing oneself in the water or a mirror. Identity? Outsider?
Monsters born living—burrow underground and multiply, forming race of unsuspected daemons.
Castle by pool or river—reflection fixed thro’ centuries—castle destroyed, reflection lives to avenge destroyers weirdly.
Race of immortal Pharaohs dwelling beneath pyramids in vast subterranean halls down black staircases.

Visitor from tomb—stranger at some publick concourse followed at midnight to graveyard where he descends into the earth.

Cities wiped out by supernatural wrath.
AZATHOTH—hideous name. 
Phleg′-e-thon—
a river of liquid fire in Hades. 
Enchanted garden where moon casts shadow of object or ghost invisible to the human eye.
Calling on the dead—voice or familiar sound in adjacent room.
Hand of dead man writes.
Transposition of identity.
Man followed by invisible thing.
Book or MS. too horrible to read—warned against reading it—someone reads and is found dead. Haverhill incident.
Sailing or rowing on lake in moonlight—sailing into invisibility.
A queer village—in a valley, reached by a long road and visible from the crest of the hill from which that road descends—or close to a dense and antique forest.
Man in strange subterranean chamber—seeks to force door of bronze—overwhelmed by influx of waters.
Fisherman casts his net into the sea by moonlight—what he finds.
A terrible pilgrimage to seek the nighted throne of the far daemon-sultan Azathoth.
Live man buried in bridge masonry according to superstition—or black cat.
Identity—reconstruction of personality—man makes duplicate of himself. 
Riley’s fear of undertakers—door locked on inside after death.
Catacombs discovered beneath a city in America?.
An impression—city in peril—dead city—equestrian statue—men in closed room—clattering of hooves heard from outside—marvel disclosed on looking out—doubtful ending.
Murder discovered—body located—by psychological detective who pretends he has made walls of room transparent. Works on fear of murderer.
Man with unnatural face—oddity of speaking—found to be a mask—Revelation.
Tone of extreme phantasy Man transformed to island or mountain. 
Man has sold his soul to devil—returns to family from trip—life afterward—fear—culminating horror—novel length.
Hallowe’en incident—mirror in cellar—face seen therein—death claw-mark?.
Rats multiply and exterminate first a single city and then all mankind. Increased size and intelligence.
Italian revenge—killing self in cell with enemy—under castle. used by FBL, Jr.
Black Mass under antique church.
Ancient cathedral—hideous gargoyle—man seeks to rob—found dead—gargoyle’s jaw bloody.
Unspeakable dance of the gargoyles—in morning several gargoyles on old cathedral found transposed.
Wandering thro’ labyrinth of narrow slum streets—come on distant light—unheard-of rites of swarming beggars—like Court of Miracles in Notre Dame de Paris.
Horrible secret in crypt of ancient castle—discovered by dweller.
Shapeless living thing forming nucleus of ancient building.
Marblehead—dream—burying hill—evening—unreality.  Festival?
Power of wizard to influence dreams of others.
 a defunct nightmare, which had perished in the midst of its wickedness, and left its flabby corpse on the breast of the tormented one, to be gotten rid of as it might.—
Hideous cracked discords of bass musick from ruin’d organ in abandon’d abbey or cathedral. 
For has not Nature, too, her grotesques—the rent rock, the distorting lights of evening on lonely roads, the unveiled structure of man in the embryo, or the skeleton?
To find something horrible in a perhaps familiar book, and not to be able to find it again.
that the Essential Salts of animals may be so prepared and preserved, that an ingenious man may have the whole ark of Noah in his own Study, and raise the fine shape of an animal out of its ashes at his pleasure; and that by the like method from the Essential Salts of humane dust, a Philosopher may, without any criminal necromancy, call up the shape of any dead ancestor from the dust whereinto his body has been incinerated. 
Lone lagoons and swamps of Louisiana—death daemon—ancient house and gardens—moss-grown trees—festoons of Spanish moss.

 Brainless monster who survives and attains prodigious size.
Lost winter day—slept over—20 yrs. later. Sleep in chair on summer night—false dawn—old scenery and sensations—cold—old persons now dead—horror—frozen?

Man’s body dies—but corpse retains life. Stalks about—tries to conceal odour of decay—detained somewhere—hideous climax. Cool Air
A place one has been—a beautiful view of a village or farm-dotted valley in the sunset—which one cannot find again or locate in memory.
Change comes over the sun—shews objects in strange form, perhaps restoring landscape of the past.
Horrible Colonial farmhouse and overgrown garden on city hillside—overtaken by growth. Verse The House as basis of story. Shunned House
Unknown fires seen across the hills at night.
Blind fear of a certain woodland hollow where streams writhe among crooked roots, and where on a buried altar terrible sacrifices have occur’d—Phosphorescence of dead trees. Ground bubbles.
Hideous old house on steep city hillside—Bowen St.—beckons in the night—black windows—horror unnam’d—cold touch and voice—the welcome of the dead.

Salem story—the cottage of an aged witch—wherein after her death are found sundry terrible things.
Subterranean region beneath placid New England village, inhabited by living or extinct creatures of prehistoric antiquity and strangeness.
Hideous secret society—widespread—horrible rites in caverns under familiar scenes—one’s own neighbour may belong.
Corpse in room performs some act—prompted by discussion in its presence. Tears up or hides will, etc.
Sealed room—or at least no lamp allowed there. Shadow on wall. 
Old sea tavern now far inland from made land. Strange occurrences—sound of lapping of waves—
Vampire visits man in ancestral abode—is his own father.
A thing that sat on a sleeper’s chest. Gone in morning, but something left behind.
 Wall paper cracks off in sinister shape—man dies of fright.  Rats in Walls
Educated seeks to displace personality of white man and occupy his body.
Ancient voodoo wizard in cabin in swamp—possesses white man.
Antediluvian—Cyclopean ruins on lonely Pacific island. Centre of earthwide subterranean witch cult.
Ancient ruin in Alabama swamp—voodoo.
Man lives near graveyard—how does he live? Eats no food.
Biological-hereditary memories of other worlds and universes. Butler—God Known and Unk.
Death lights dancing over a salt marsh.
Ancient castle within sound of weird waterfall—sound ceases for a time under strange conditions.
Prowling at night around an unlighted castle amidst strange scenery.
A secret living thing kept and fed in an old house.

 Something seen at oriel window of forbidden room in ancient manor house.
Talking bird of great longevity—tells secret long afterward.
Incredible Fictions Tales of Daemons Marvellous Stories of Appearances from the Dead.
Horrible things whispered in the lines of Gauthier de Metz 13th cen. Image du Monde.
Dried-up man living for centuries in cataleptic state in ancient tomb.
Hideous secret assemblage at night in antique alley—disperse furtively one by one—one seen to drop something—a human hand—
Man abandon’d by ship—swimming in sea—pickt up hours later with strange story of undersea region he has visited—mad??
Castaways on island eat unknown vegetation and become strangely transformed.
Ancient and unknown ruins—strange and immortal bird who speaks in a language horrifying and revelatory to the explorers.
Individual, by some strange process, retraces the path of evolution and becomes amphibious.
Dr. insists that the particular amphibian from which man descends is not like any known to palaeontology. To prove it, indulges in or relates strange experiment.

Phosphorescence of decaying wood—called in New England fox-fire.
Mad artist in ancient sinister house draws things. What were his models? Glimpse. 
Man has miniature shapeless Siamese twin—exhib. in circus—twin surgically detached—disappears—does hideous things with malign life of his own. HSW—Cassius
Witches’ Hollow novel? Man hired as teacher in private school misses road on first trip—encounters dark hollow with unnaturally swollen trees and small cottage light in window?. Reaches school and hears that boys are forbidden to visit hollow. One boy is strange—teacher sees him visit hollow—odd doings—mysterious disappearance or hideous fate.
Hideous world superimposed on visible world—gate through—power guides narrator to ancient and forbidden book with directions for access.
A secret language spoken by a very few old men in a wild country leads to hidden marvels and terrors still surviving.
Strange man seen in lonely mountain place talking with great winged thing which flies away as others approach.
Someone or something cries in fright at sight of the rising moon, as if it were something strange. 
DELRIO asks An sint unquam daemones incubi et succubae, et an ex tali congressu proles nasci queat? Red Hook
Explorer enters strange land where some atmospheric quality darkens the sky to virtual blackness—marvels therein.

Probably the mysterious and indecipherable ancient books, which were occasionally excavated in old Egypt, were written in this dead language of a more ancient and now forgotten people. Such was the book discovered at Coptos, in the ancient sanctuary there, by a priest of the Goddess. ‘The whole earth was dark, but the moon shone all about the Book.’ A scribe of the period of the Ramessids mentions another in indecipherable ancient writing. ‘Thou tellest me thou understandest no word of it, good or bad. There is, as it were, a wall about it that none may climb. Thou art instructed, yet thou knowest it not; this makes me afraid.’

Members of witch-cult were buried face downward. Man investigates ancestor in family tomb and finds disquieting condition.
Strange well in Arkham country—water gives out or was never struck —hole kept tightly covered by a stone ever since dug—no bottom—shunned and feared—what lay beneath either unholy temple or other very ancient thing, or great cave-world. Fungi—The Well
Hideous book glimpsed in ancient shop—never seen again.
Horrible boarding house—closed door never opened.
Ancient lamp found in tomb—when filled and used, its light reveals strange world. Fungi
Any very ancient, unknown, or prehistoric object—its power of suggestion—forbidden memories.
Vampire dog.
Evil alley or enclosed court in ancient city—Union or Milligan St. Fungi
Visit to someone in wild and remote house—ride from station through the night—into the haunted hills—house by forest or water—terrible things live there.
Man forced to take shelter in strange house. Host has thick beard and dark glasses. Retires. In night guest rises and sees host’s clothes about—also mask which was the apparent face of whatever the host was. Flight.
Autonomic nervous system and subconscious mind do not reside in the head. Have mad physician decapitate a man but keep him alive and subconsciously controlled. Avoid copying tale by W. C. Morrow.

Black cat on hill near dark gulf of ancient inn yard. Mew hoarsely—invites artist to nighted mysteries beyond. Finally dies at advanced age. Haunts dreams of artist—lures him to follow—strange outcome never wakes up? or makes bizarre discovery of an elder world outside 3-dimensioned space? Used by Dwyer
Trophonius—cave of. Vide Class. Dict. and Atlantic article.
Steepled town seen from afar at sunset—does not light up at night. Sail has been seen putting out to sea. Fungi
Adventures of a disembodied spirit—thro’ dim, half-familiar cities and over strange moors—thro’ space and time—other planets and universes in the end.
Vague lights, geometrical figures, etc., seen on retina when eyes are closed. Caus’d by rays from other dimensions acting on optick nerve? From other planets? Connected with a life or phase of being in which person could live if he only knew how to get there? Man afraid to shut eyes—he has been somewhere on a terrible pilgrimage and this fearsome seeing faculty remains.
Man has terrible wizard friend who gains influence over him. Kills him in defence of his soul—walls body up in ancient cellar—BUT—the dead wizard who has said strange things about soul lingering in body changes bodies with him . . . leaving him a conscious corpse in cellar. Thing on Doorstep
Certain kind of deep-toned stately music of the style of the 1870’s or 1880’s recalls certain visions of that period—gas-litten parlours of the dead, moonlight on old floors, decaying business streets with gas lamps, etc.—under terrible circumstances.
Book which induces sleep on reading—cannot be read—determined man reads it—goes mad—precautions taken by aged initiate who knows—protection as of author and translator by incantation.
Time and space—past event—150 yrs ago—unexplained. Modern period—person intensely homesick for past says or does something which is psychically transmitted back and actually causes the past event.
Ultimate horror—grandfather returns from strange trip—mystery in house—wind and darkness—grandf. and mother engulfed—questions forbidden—somnolence—investigation—cataclysm—screams overheard—
Man whose money was obscurely made loses it. Tells his family he must go again to THE PLACE horrible and sinister and extra-dimensional where he got his gold. Hints of possible pursuers—or of his possible non-return. He goes—record of what happens to him—or what happens at his home when he returns. Perhaps connect with preceding topic. Give fantastic, quasi-Dunsanian treatment.
Man observed in a publick place with features or ring or jewel identified with those of man long perhaps generations buried.
Terrible trip to an ancient and forgotten tomb.
Hideous family living in shadow in ancient castle by edge of wood near black cliffs and monstrous waterfall.
Boy rear’d in atmosphere of considerable mystery. Believes father dead. Suddenly is told that father is about to return. Strange preparations—consequences.
Lonely bleak islands off N.E. coast. Horrors they harbour—outpost of cosmic influences.
What hatches from primordial egg.
Strange man in shadowy quarter of ancient city possesses something of immemorial archaic horror.
Hideous old book discovered—directions for shocking evocation.
Pre-human idol found in desert.
Idol in museum moves in a certain way.
Migration of Lemmings—Atlantis.
Little green Celtic figures dug up in an ancient Irish bog.
Man blindfolded and taken in closed cab or car to some very ancient and secret place.
The dreams of one man actually create a strange half-mad world of quasi-material substance in another dimension. Another man, also a dreamer, blunders into this world in a dream. What he finds. Intelligence of denizens. Their dependence on the first dreamer. What happens at his death.
A very ancient tomb in the deep woods near where a 17th century Virginia manor-house used to be. The undecayed, bloated thing found within.
Appearance of an ancient god in a lonely and archaic place—prob. temple ruin. Atmosphere of beauty rather than horror. Subtle handling—presence revealed by faint sound or shadow. Landscape changes? Seen by child? Impossible to reach or identify locale again?
A general house of horror—nameless crime—sounds—later tenants—Flammarion novel length?.
Inhabitant of another world—face masked, perhaps with human skin or surgically alter’d human shape, but body alien beneath robes. Having reached earth, tries to mix with mankind. Hideous revelation. Suggested by CAS.
In ancient buried city a man finds a mouldering prehistoric document in English and in his own handwriting, telling an incredible tale. Voyage from present into past implied. Possible actualisation of this.
Reference in Egyptian papyrus to a secret of secrets under tomb of high-priest Ka-Nefer. Tomb finally found and identified—trap door in stone floor—staircase, and the illimitable black abyss. 
Expedition lost in Antarctic or other weird place. Skeletons and effects found years later. Camera films used but undeveloped. Finders develop—and find strange horror.
Scene of an urban horror—Sous le Cap or Champlain Sts.—Quebec—rugged cliff-face—moss, mildew, dampness—houses half-burrowing into cliff.
Thing from sea—in dark house, man finds doorknobs etc. wet as from touch of something. He has been a sea-captain, and once found a strange temple on a volcanically risen island.

Dream of awaking in vast hall of strange architecture, with sheet-covered forms on slabs—in positions similar to one’s own. Suggestions of disturbingly non-human outlines under sheets. One of the objects moves and throws off sheet—non-terrestrial being revealed. Sugg. that oneself is also such a being—mind has become transferred to body on other planet.
Desert of rock—prehistoric door in cliff, in the valley around which lie the bones of uncounted billions of animals both modern and prehistoric—some of them puzzlingly gnawed.
Ancient necropolis—bronze door in hillside which opens as the moonlight strikes it—focussed by ancient lens in pylon opposite?
Primal mummy in museum—awakes and changes place with visitor.
An odd wound appears on a man’s hand suddenly and without apparent cause. Spreads. Consequences.
Thibetan ROLANG—Sorcerer or NGAGSPA reanimates a corpse by holding it in a dark room—lying on it mouth to mouth and repeating a magic formula with all else banished from his mind. Corpse slowly comes to life and stands up. Tries to escape—leaps, bounds, and struggles—but sorcerer holds it. Continues with magic formula. Corpse sticks out tongue and sorcerer bites it off. Corpse then collapses. Tongue become a valuable magic talisman. If corpse escapes—hideous results and death to sorcerer.
Strange book of horror discovered in ancient library. Paragraphs of terrible significance copies. Later unable to find and verify text. Perhaps discover body or image or charm under floor, in secret cupboard, or elsewhere. Idea that book was merely hypnotic delusion induced by dead brain or ancient magic.
Man enters supposedly own house in pitch dark. Feels way to room and shuts door behind him. Strange horrors—or turns on lights and finds alien place or presence. Or finds past restored or future indicated.
Pane of peculiar-looking glass from a ruined monastery reputed to have harboured devil-worship set up in modern house at edge of wild country. Landscape looks vaguely and unplaceably wrong through it. It has some unknown time-distorting quality, and comes from a primal, lost civilisation. Finally, hideous things in other world seen through it.
Daemons, when desiring an human form for evil purposes, take to themselves the bodies of hanged men.
Loss of memory and entry into a cloudy world of strange sights and experiences after shock, accident, reading of strange book, participation in strange rite, draught of strange brew, etc. Things seen have vague and disquieting familiarity. Emergence. Inability to retrace course.

 Distant tower visible from hillside window. Bats cluster thickly around it at night. Observer fascinated. One night wakes to find self on unknown black circular staircase. In tower? Hideous goal.
Black winged thing flies into one’s house at night. Cannot be found or identified—but subtle developments ensue.
Invisible Thing felt—or seen to make prints—on mountain top or other height, inaccessible place.
Planets form’d of invisible matter.
A monstrous derelict—found and boarded by a castaway or shipwreck survivor.
A return to a place under dreamlike, horrible, and only dimly comprehended circumstances. Death and decay reigning—town fails to light up at night—Revelation.
Disturbing conviction that all life is only a deceptive dream with some dismal or sinister horror lurking behind.
Person gazes out window and finds city and world dark and dead or oddly changed outside.
Trying to identify and visit the distant scenes dimly seen from one’s window—bizarre consequences.
Something snatched away from one in the dark—in a lonely, ancient, and generally shunned place.
Dream of some vehicle—railway train, coach, etc.—which is boarded in a stupor or fever, and which is a fragment of some past or ultra-dimensional world—taking the passenger out of reality—into vague, age-crumbled regions or unbelievable gulfs of marvel.

 Storm, sea, and frost have graven into the solid cliff of what has come to be known as Virgin’s Island an almost perfect outline of the Madonna with the Christ Child in her arms.
The island has sheer and wave-bound sides, is a danger to ships, and is absolutely uninhabited. So far as is known, no human being has ever set foot on its shores.
An ancient house with blackened pictures on the walls—so obscured that their subjects cannot be deciphered. Cleaning—and revelation. Cf. Hawthorne—Edw. Rand. Port.
Begin story with presence of narrator—inexplicable to himself—in utterly alien and terrifying scenes dream?.
Strange human being or beings living in some ancient house or ruins far from populous district either old N.E. or far exotic land. Suspicion based on shape and habits that it is not all human.
Ancient winter woods—moss—great boles—twisted branches—dark—ribbed roots—always dripping. . . .
Talking rock of Africa—immemorially ancient oracle in desolate jungle ruins that speaks with a voice out of the aeons.
Man with lost memory in strange, imperfectly comprehended environment. Fears to regain memory—a glimpse. . . .
Man idly shapes a queer image—some power impels him to make it queerer than he understands. Throws it away in disgust—but something is abroad in the night.
Ancient Roman? prehistoric? stone bridge washed away by a sudden and curious? storm. Something liberated which had been sealed up in the masonry of years ago. Things happen.
Mirage in time—image of long-vanish’d pre-human city.
Fog or smoke—assumes shaped under incantations.
Bell of some ancient church or castle rung by some unknown hand—a thing . . . or an invisible Presence.
Insects or other entities from space attack and penetrate a man’s head and cause him to remember alien and exotic things—possible displacement of personality.

